//********** Splashes **********
splash 	nukage
{
 smallclass 	nukageSplashBase
 smallclip		6
 //smallsound	world/lavasizzlesmall

 baseclass		nukageSplashBase
 chunkclass	    sludgechunk
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	6
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		world/lavasizzle
 NoAlert
}

splash Slime
{
	smallclass		SlimeSplashBaseSmall
	smallclip		16
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall
	

	baseclass		SlimeSplashBase
	chunkclass		SlimeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}

splash 	water
{
 smallclass 	watersplashbase2
 smallclip		2
 smallsound	dssplash

 baseclass		watersplashbase2
 chunkclass	watersplashbase2
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	8
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		water
 NoAlert
}

splash 	blood
{
 smallclass 	bloodsplashbasesmall
 smallclip		16
 //smallsound	world/sludgegloopsmall


 baseclass		bloodsplashbase3
 chunkclass	bloodsplash
 chunkxvelshift	8
 chunkyvelshift	8
 chunkzvelshift	8
 chunkbasezvel	2
 sound		world/sludgegloop
 NoAlert
}

splash 	lava
{
 smallclass 	lavasplash
 smallclip		10
 //smallsound	world/lavasizzlesmall

 baseclass		lavasplash
 //chunkclass	    lavasmoke2
 chunkxvelshift	-1
 chunkyvelshift	-1
 chunkzvelshift	2
 chunkbasezvel	1
 sound		world/lavasizzle
 NoAlert
 
 
}
//********** Terrain **********

terrain	 nukage
{
 splash 	nukage
 footclip	 1
 liquid
}

terrain	water
{
 splash 	water
 footclip	 1
 liquid
}

terrain	lava
{
 splash 	lava
 footclip	 1
 liquid
 damagetype		"Fire"
}

terrain	blood
{
 footclip	 1
 liquid
 splash 	blood
}

terrain Slime
{
 footclip	 1
 liquid
 splash Slime
}







splash carpet
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/carpet
	NoAlert
}

splash dirt
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/dirt
	NoAlert
}

splash gravel
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/gravel
	NoAlert
}

splash metal
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/metal
	NoAlert
}

splash metal2
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/met2
	NoAlert
}

splash rock
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/rock
	NoAlert
}


splash slimy
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/slimy
	NoAlert
}


splash snow
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/snow
	NoAlert
}

splash hard
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/hard
	NoAlert
}

splash tile
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/tile
	NoAlert
}

splash tile2
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/tile2
	NoAlert
}

splash wood
{
	smallclass		None
	smallclip		0
	smallsound		njmt

	baseclass		None
	chunkclass		None
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			floor/wood
	NoAlert
}




terrain carpet
{
	splash			carpet
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
}

terrain dirt
{
	splash			dirt
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
}

terrain gravel
{
	splash			gravel
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
}

terrain metal
{
	splash			metal
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
}

terrain metal2
{
	splash			metal2
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
}

terrain rock
{
	splash			rock
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
}

terrain snow
{
	splash			snow
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
}

terrain slimy
{
	splash			slimy
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
}

terrain hard
{
	splash			hard
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
}

terrain tile
{
	splash			tile
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
}

terrain tile2
{
	splash			tile2
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
}

terrain wood
{
	splash			wood
	footclip		0
	//liquid//
	
}


ifdoom
floor BLOOD1 Blood
floor BLOOD2 Blood
floor BLOOD3 Blood
floor FWATER1 Water
floor FWATER2 Water
floor FWATER3 Water
floor FWATER4 Water
floor FWATER02 Water
floor LAVA1 Lava
floor LAVA2 Lava
floor LAVA3 Lava
floor LAVA4 Lava
floor NUKAGE1 Nukage
floor NUKAGE2 Nukage
floor NUKAGE3 Nukage
floor SLIME01 Water
floor SLIME02 Water
floor SLIME03 Water
floor SLIME04 Water
floor SLIME05 Water
floor SLIME06 Water
floor SLIME07 Water
floor SLIME08 Water
floor CEIL1_1 wood
floor CEIL1_2 metal
floor CEIL1_3 tile
floor CEIL3_1 hard
floor CEIL3_2 hard
floor CEIL3_3 tile
floor CEIL3_4 tile
floor CEIL3_5 hard
floor CEIL3_6 hard
floor CEIL4_1 carpet
floor CEIL4_2 carpet
floor CEIL4_3 carpet
floor CEIL5_1 hard
floor CEIL5_2 hard
floor COMP01 tile
floor CONS1_1 tile
floor CONS1_5 tile
floor CONS1_7 tile
floor CRATOP1 wood
floor CRATOP2 wood
floor DEM1_1 tile2
floor DEM1_2 tile2
floor DEM1_3 tile2
floor DEM1_4 tile2
floor DEM1_5 tile2
floor DEM1_6 tile2
floor FLAT1 rock
floor FLAT1_1 rock
floor FLAT1_2 rock
floor FLAT1_3 metal
floor FLAT2 tile
floor FLAT3 tile
floor FLAT4 metal
floor FLAT5 hard
floor FLAT5_1 wood
floor FLAT5_2 wood
floor FLAT5_3 carpet
floor FLAT5_4 carpet
floor FLAT5_5 carpet
floor FLAT5_6 rock
floor FLAT5_7 rock
floor FLAT5_8 rock
floor FLAT8 tile
floor FLAT9 tile
floor FLAT10 dirt
floor FLAT14 carpet
floor FLAT17 tile
floor FLAT18 tile
floor FLAT19 tile
floor FLAT20 metal
floor FLAT22 metal
floor FLAT23 metal
floor FLOOR0_1 hard
floor FLOOR0_2 hard
floor FLOOR0_3 hard
floor FLOOR0_5 tile
floor FLOOR0_6 tile
floor FLOOR0_7 tile
floor FLOOR1_1 carpet
floor FLOOR1_6 hard
floor FLOOR1_7 hard
floor FLOOR3_3 tile
floor FLOOR4_1 tile
floor FLOOR4_5 tile
floor FLOOR4_6 tile2
floor FLOOR4_8 tile2
floor FLOOR5_1 tile2
floor FLOOR5_2 tile2
floor FLOOR5_3 tile2
floor FLOOR5_4 rock
floor FLOOR6_1 gravel
floor FLOOR6_2 gravel
floor FLOOR7_1 hard
floor FLOOR7_2 tile2
floor GATE1 metal
floor GATE2 metal
floor GATE3 metal
floor GATE4 metal
floor GRASS1 dirt
floor GRASS2 dirt
floor GRNLITE1 hard
floor GRNROCK rock
floor MFLR8_1 hard
floor MFLR8_2 rock
floor MFLR8_3 rock
floor MFLR8_4 dirt
floor RROCK03 rock
floor RROCK04 rock
floor RROCK09 rock
floor RROCK10 rock
floor RROCK11 rock
floor RROCK12 rock
floor RROCK13 rock
floor RROCK14 rock
floor RROCK15 rock
floor RROCK16 dirt
floor RROCK17 dirt
floor RROCK18 dirt
floor RROCK19 dirt
floor RROCK20 dirt
floor SFLR6_1 slimy
floor SFLR6_4 slimy
floor SFLR7_1 slimy
floor SFLR7_4 slimy
floor SLIME13 rock
floor SLIME14 metal2
floor SLIME15 metal2
floor SLIME16 metal2
floor STEP1 metal
floor STEP2 metal
floor TLITE6_1 tile
floor TLITE6_4 tile
floor TLITE6_5 tile
floor TLITE6_6 tile
floor TLITE6_6 tile

floor BRICK22 rock
floor STONE2 rock
floor REDWALL rock
floor CEMENTWA rock
floor CEMENTBL rock
floor CEMENTRE rock
floor CEMENT9 rock
floor CAUTION3 rock
floor A-MOULD rock
floor REDCARTO metal2
floor BLUECART metal2
floor GREENCART metal2
floor WHITE metal2
floor GRAYCART metal2
floor SHAWN2 metal2
floor SHAWN1 metal2
floor DNVENT1 metal2
floor VENT1 metal2
floor VENT2 metal2
floor VENT3 metal2
floor METAL metal2
floor METAL2 metal2
floor METAL1 metal2
floor METAL10 metal2
floor METAL12 metal2
floor METAL13 metal2
floor METAL14 metal2
floor URDIRT01 dirt
floor DIRT01 dirt
floor DIRT02 dirt
floor DIRT03 dirt
floor DIRT04 dirt
floor DIRT05 dirt
floor DIRT06 dirt
floor DIRT08 dirt
floor DESERT02 dirt
floor DESERT01 dirt
floor DESERT03 dirt
floor WOOD006 wood
floor WOODVERT wood
floor WOOD1 wood
floor DNBLDG03 wood
floor FTILE080 water
floor SLIME05 water
floor CUSTOMCI water
floor CUSTOMCI water


//DOOM 64
floor TILEFAFC METAL
floor TILEFAFB METAL
floor TILEFA49 METAL
floor TILEF771 rock
floor TILEF602 rock
floor TILEF69B METAL
floor TILEECAD ROCK
floor TILEEC99 ROCK
floor TILEEBDC METAL
floor TILEEBA1 METAL
floor TILEE66C METAL
floor TILED88E METAL
floor TILED48E METAL
floor TILEA796 METAL
floor TILE6885 METAL
floor TILE7682 METAL
floor TILE8649 METAL
floor TILEA97C METAL
floor TILEA97D METAL
floor TILEB56E METAL
floor TILEC795 METAL
floor TILED0C9 METAL
floor TILED0C8 METAL
floor TILED5FB DIRT
floor TILED747 ROCK
floor TILED627 ROCK
floor TILED350 ROCK
floor TILECB62 ROCK
floor TILEC4AD ROCK
floor TILEA40E ROCK
floor TILE9344 ROCK
floor TILE8620 ROCK
floor TILE7776 ROCK
floor TILE7775 ROCK
floor TILE7620 ROCK
floor TILE7351 ROCK
floor TILE7224 ROCK
floor TILEA19B WOOD
floor TILEC3CC WOOD
floor TILEC5B3 DIRT
floor TILED71B WOOD
floor TILED173 ROCK
floor TILEE56B WOOD
floor TILEEC13 FLAT
floor TILEE608 FLAT
floor TILEE87E FLAT
floor TILEE67C FLAT
floor TILEE25F FLAT
floor TILEDBC3 FLAT
floor TILED1E5 FLAT
floor TILEC989 FLAT
floor TILEC1B7 DIRT
floor TILEBFD8 FLAT
floor TILEBAD0 FLAT
floor TILEB38C FLAT
floor TILE6860 FLAT
floor FTILEC79 METAL2
floor FTILE0B5 METAL
floor FTILE0DE ROCK
floor FTILE0E9 ROCK
floor FTILE0F5 METAL
floor FTILE1B4 METAL2
floor FTILE1BB WOOD
floor FTILE1CB ROCK
floor FTILE1CE DIRT
floor FTILE1D2 ROCK
floor FTILE1DB METAL
floor FTILE1E1 ROCK
floor FTILE2AB METAL
floor FTILE2CF METAL
floor FTILE2E0 ROCK
floor FTILE02F ROCK
floor FTILE2FE ROCK
floor FTILE3B1 ROCK
floor FTILE3BA METAL2
floor FTILE3D2 ROCK
floor FTILE4BB METAL
floor FTILE4E9 DIRT
floor FTILE4EF ROCK
floor FTILE5CD METAL2
floor FTILE5D3 ROCK
floor FTILE5ED DIRT
floor FTILE5EF METAL
floor FTILE6A9 ROCK
floor FTILE06A ROCK
floor FTILE6C8 ROCK
floor FTILE6CE FLAT
floor FTILE6F2 METAL2
floor FTILE6FC METAL2
floor FTILE7A4 ROCK
floor FTILE7B1 ROCK
floor FTILE7B5 METAL2
floor FTILE7BA METAL2
floor FTILE7BE METAL2
floor FTILE7C1 METAL2
floor FTILE07C METAL
floor FTILE7E3 METAL
floor FTILE34C METAL2
floor FTILE7F5 ROCK
floor FTILE8B8 ROCK
floor FTILE8ED FLAT
floor FTILE8EE FLAT
floor FTILE9A5 FLAT
floor FTILE9C6 ROCK
floor FTILE9EE ROCK
floor FTILE9F7 METAL2
floor FTILE9FC METAL2
floor FTILE21A FLAT
floor FTILE24A ROCK
floor FTILE036 ROCK
floor FTILE36A ROCK
floor FTILE40D METAL2
floor FTILE43A METAL
floor FTILE044 ROCK
floor FTILE45C METAL
floor FTILE048 FLAT
floor FTILE48F METAL2
floor FTILE52C METAL
floor FTILE053 ROCK
floor FTILE53E METAL2
floor FTILE054 ROCK
floor FTILE54D ROCK
floor FTILE058 METAL2
floor FTILE54E ROCK
floor FTILE73C ROCK
floor FTILE74F DIRT
floor FTILE77A ROCK
floor FTILE84B ROCK
floor FTILE94F METAL
floor FTILE111 ROCK
floor FTILE135 METAL
floor FTILE143 ROCK
floor FTILE157 ROCK
floor FTILE171 METAL
floor FTILE196 METAL2
floor FTILE241 ROCK
floor FTILE391 METAL
floor FTILE255 ROCK
floor FTILE274 ROCK
floor FTILE386 METAL2
floor FTILE406 ROCK
floor FTILE435 METAL2
floor FTILE436 METAL2
floor FTILE460 ROCK
floor FTILE573 FLAT
floor FTILE589 ROCK
floor FTILE688 METAL2
floor FTILE686 FLAT
floor FTILE699 METAL
floor FTILE722 ROCK
floor FTILE762 ROCK
floor FTILE747 ROCK
floor FTILE778 ROCK
floor FTILE777 ROCK
floor FTILE860 ROCK
floor FTILE862 ROCK
floor FTILE864 METAL2
floor FTILE895 METAL
floor FTILE934 ROCK
floor FTILE944 DIRT
floor FTILE949 METAL2
floor FTILEA19 WOOD
floor FTILEA30 DIRT
floor FTILEA40 ROCK
floor FTILEA79 METAL2
floor FTILEA96 METAL2
floor FTILEA97 METAL2
floor FTILEABC ROCK
floor FTILEADA METAL2
floor FTILEB2F ROCK
floor FTILEB38 ROCK 
floor FTILEB56 METAL
floor FTILEBEA ROCK
floor FTILEC1B DIRT
floor FTILEC3C WOOD
floor FTILEC4A ROCK
floor FTILEC8B ROCK
floor FTILEC24 WOOD
floor FTILEC79 METAL2
floor FTILEC83 ROCK
floor FTILEC98 ROCK
floor FTILECB6 ROCK
floor FTILECAF METAL2
floor FTILED1E ROCK
floor FTILED5B DIRT
floor FTILED5E DIRT
floor FTILED5F METAL
floor FTILED48 METAL
floor FTILED71 WOOD
floor FTILED74 ROCK
floor FTILED88 METAL2
floor FTILEDBC ROCK
floor FTILEE56 WOOD
floor FTILEE57 ROCK
floor FTILEE60 ROCK
floor FTILEE66 METAL2
floor FTILEE87 ROCK
floor FTILEEBA METAL2
floor FTILEEC1 METAL
floor FTILEEBD METAL2
floor FTILEECA ROCK
floor FTILEF69 METAL
floor FTILEFA4 METAL
floor FTILEFAF ROCK
floor FTILEFB0 DIRT
floor FTILEFBD METAL2
floor FTILEFBE METAL2


floor SPECIAL1 METAL
floor SPECIAL2 METAL2
floor SPECIAL3 METAL
floor SPECIAL4 METAL2
floor SPECIAL5 METAL2
floor SPECIAL6 METAL
floor SPECIAL7 METAL
floor SPECIAL8 METAL2
floor SPECIAL9 METAL2
floor SPECIALA METAL2
floor SPECIALD METAL2
floor SPECIALE METAL2
floor SPECIALF METAL2
floor SPECIALG METAL2
floor SPECIALH METAL2
floor SPECIALI METAL2
floor SPECIALJ METAL2
floor SPECIALK METAL2
floor SPECIALL METAL2
floor SPECIALM METAL2
floor SPECIALN METAL
floor SPECIALO METAL2
floor SPECIALP METAL2
floor SPECIALQ METAL2
floor SPECIALR METAL2
floor SPECIALS METAL2
floor SPECIALT ROCK
floor SPECIALU ROCK
floor SPECIALV ROCK
floor SPECIALW ROCK
floor SPECIALX ROCK
floor SPECIALY ROCK
floor SPECIALZ ROCK

floor NEW1 ROCK
floor NEW2 ROCK
floor NEW3 ROCK
floor NEW4 ROCK
floor NEW5 ROCK
floor NEW6 ROCK
floor NEW7 METAL
floor NEW8 METAL
floor NEW9 METAL2
floor NEW10 ROCK
floor NEW11 ROCK
floor NEW12 ROCK
floor NEW13 ROCK
floor NEW14 ROCK
floor NEW15 ROCK
floor NEW16 ROCK
floor NEW17 ROCK
floor NEW18 ROCK
floor NEW19 ROCK
floor NEW20 ROCK
floor NEW21 ROCK
floor NEW22 ROCK
floor NEW23 ROCK
floor NEW24 ROCK
floor NEW25 ROCK
floor NEW26 ROCK
floor NEW27 ROCK
floor NEW28 ROCK
floor NEW29 ROCK
floor NEW30 METAL2
floor NEW31 METAL2
floor NEW32 METAL2
floor NEW33 METAL2
floor NEW34 METAL2
floor NEW35 METAL2
floor NEW36 METAL2
floor NEW37 METAL2
floor NEW38 METAL2
floor NEW39 ROCK
floor NEW40 ROCK
floor NEW41 ROCK
floor NEW42 ROCK
floor NEW43 ROCK
floor NEW44 ROCK
floor NEW45 ROCK
floor NEW46 ROCK
floor NEW47 ROCK
floor NEW48 WOOD
floor NEW49 METAL2
floor NEW50 METAL2
floor NEW51 METAL2
floor NEW52 METAL2
floor NEW53 METAL2
floor NEW54 METAL2
floor NEW55 METAL2
floor NEW56 METAL2
floor NEW57 METAL2
floor NEW58 METAL2
floor NEW59 METAL2
floor NEW60 METAL2
floor NEW61 METAL2
floor NEW62 METAL2
floor NEW63 METAL2
floor NEW64 METAL2
floor NEW65 METAL2
floor NEW66 METAL2
floor NEW67 METAL2
floor NEW68 METAL2
floor NEW69 METAL2
floor NEW70 ROCK
floor NEW71 ROCK
floor NEW72 ROCK
floor NEW73 ROCK
floor NEW74 ROCK
floor NEW75 ROCK
floor NEW76 ROCK
floor NEW77 ROCK
floor NEW78 ROCK
floor NEW79 ROCK
floor NEW80 ROCK
floor NEW81 ROCK
floor NEW82 ROCK
floor NEW83 ROCK
floor NEW84 ROCK
floor NEW85 ROCK
floor NEW86 METAL
floor NEW87 METAL
floor NEW88 ROCK
floor NEW89 ROCK
floor NEW90 ROCK
floor NEW91 ROCK
floor NEW92 ROCK
floor NEW93 ROCK
floor NEW94 ROCK
floor NEW95 ROCK
floor NEW96 ROCK
floor NEW97 ROCK

endif
